Here is some of the exam info I went over in class today.

The exam lasts up to 5 hrs, which means you can have that much time if
you need it. I am hoping it wont take nearly that long.

There are 12 problems, which are a mixture of qualitative answer
questions, short calculations, and more involved calculations. The
longer calculation problems are a little less involved than the
midterm problems you saw.

I will print the exam with one problem per sheet, so do all of you
work to be handed in on those sheets.

You can have two 8.5 x 11 sheets to write equations, constants,
etc. on. You can use both sides of the sheets.

I will have each exam in my office (Stokes 111) in an envelope for you
to pick up and take it where you want to. In order to pick up the
exam, you must turn in an evaluation sheet to the folder marked P102
in my office. I will remind you on the exam to write your address
where you will be in early summer so I can mail you the exam and your
grade. When you are done with the exam, return it to my office or
mailbox in Stokes. You can pick the exam up Mon 5/6 through Fri 5/10
or Mon 5/13 through Fri 5/17 during normal hours. If you want to take
it over the weekend, pick up on Fri /5/10. All exams are due 4 pm Fri
5/17, so don't wait until the last minute. SENIORS: you must complete
the exam by Fri 5/10 since senior grades are due 5/13.

The exam covers Ch 22, 23, 24, 25, 21, 27, 28, and 29 in Hecht. Be
sure to concentrate on the sub-chapters that we covered in class (see
Course Schedule). The lectures covered are from 3/25 through
5/1. Problem sets covered are from PS #9 to PS #13.

A summary of the topics to study: 

EM waves, origins of radiation, E and B fields 
Plane waves, propagation of EM waves
Irradiance, relation to E-field amplitude
Energy quanta, photons, energy of photons, energy transfer
Atomic scattering and absorption
EM spectrum, Rayleigh scattering
Reflection, law of reflection 
Refraction, dispersion, index of refraction
Snell's Law, total internal reflection 
Geometric optics, lenses, spherical lenses 
Focal points and focal lengths, images/objects,
Converging and diverging lenses
Combination lenses, lens power, mirrors
Physical optics, polarization
Linear and circular polarization
Polarizers, Malus's Law
Reflected polarized light, Brewster's angle
Wave interference, Young's double slit experiment
Fringe patterns, diffraction by single slit
diffraction gratings, circular apertures, Airy disk
spatial resolution
AC circuits, L, C, and R, effective V and I 
Reactance, Impedance, real and apparent power
phasor diagrams, impedance triangle
AC circuit resonance
Radioactivity, alpha, beta, gamma, X-rays
Rutherford scattering, atomic spectra, hydrogen series
Blackbody radiation, Wien's displacement law
Photoelectric effect, work function, stopping potential
Bohr atom, energy levels and radii, lasers
de Broglie waves, wave nature of matter
Schroedingers equation, wavefunction
Probability, quantum numbers, Zeeman effect,
Electron spin, Pauli Exclusion Principle
Uncertainty principle

That's a lot!
