I have been looking over your comments on the feedback I requested on
the course today, and here are some trends I see.

First, people generally like the demos, the colored chalk, and the
lecture style.  In particular, people expressed appreciation for being
able to ask lots of questions during lecture (which I encourage you to
do as much as possible so you can be interactive) and the breakdown of
example problems on the board. There were 6 people who liked the pace
of the lectures, 2 who thought it goes too fast, and 2 who thought it
goes too slow (so I guess we are doing OK if it stays balanced like
that). People also seem to like the concept tests I pose in class, so
we'll try to do lots of those. So from these comments I don't think
there are any major issues or problems with how the lectures are
going.

Some folks wanted some additional practice problems (not for credit)
from the book. If you are interested, please come see me after each
chapter and I can give you some good problems to work on from the back
of the book.  There were mixed feelings about the HW, with some saying
it was good and instructive, and others saying it didn't follow the
lectures (or test material) very well and was too hard. Gripes about
the HW were the biggest item on the complaint side, so I'll try to
make the HW more streamlined with the lectures if I can (however, you
should also consider the HW as an opportunity to "stretch" your
knowledge by applying the lecture concepts to problems you haven't
seen before -- sometimes they require a little thought and are not
just plug and chug problems). The clinic was well-liked, but not by
everybody (so PLEASE come talk to me if you perceive a problem with
the clinic).

As for the midterm, 3 people thought it was good, but 5 listed it as a
problem. And there were additional comments that the length was too
long, room too crowded, and there were not enough challenging test
preparation problems. I'll be addressing these concerns for the next
exam to avoid these problems.

Finally, some folks expressed opinions about the lab. I will pass on
your comments to the lab instructors to give them some feedback about
how the lab portion is going.

