Thank you for providing feedback about how Physics 101 is going. I
have read your comments and would like to address some of the things
you mention.  First, there was good support for concept tests and
demos and the examples (and the colored chalk). I will try to continue
with these as is as much as I can so I can keep you involved and
motivated in the lecture.

On the negative side, some felt that the examples in class have been
too easy. I will try to make them a little more complex, and the
material itself will get more complex as we go along. This is usually
more of a problem at the start of the course where many people have
seen the material before. However, since not everyone has, it is
important to go step by step through the introductory material. Don't
worry - there will be plenty of more complex physics ahead for
everybody. There were some concerns that the homework problems were
confusing and did not directly follow from class examples. Two things
about this: first, you should come see me or ask for clarification in
lecture if something about a problem isn't clear. I am happy to spend
a few minutes clearing this sort of thing at the start of class (I
don't want to go through the whole full-blown problem in class, but I
can help make it clear how to proceed). Second, the homework is meant
as another, separate mode of learning. That is, I aim to have you
think some about what the homework is asking on your own and how the
problem relates to the overall concepts. You shouldn't expect plug and
chug problems generally, but rather problems that will test your
conceptual understanding. Sometimes this requires spending some time
just thinking about a problem.  Several people thought the pace was
too slow, an equal number of people thought it was too fast, and a few
people thought it was just right. So I suppose I'll try to keep the
pace as it is. Several people also wanted more emphasis on the
important equations to use. These are usually in the book as boxed
shaded equations, so refer to the book if in doubt. Also, see which
ones we regularly use in examples.

Finally, I would like to make an appeal for participation. A lot of
people have been quiet in class, and it is hard for me to gauge
whether something is making sense to you if nobody asks questions. My
assumption in that case is that everyone understands it, and I can
move on. That is OK if it is the case, but if it is not, you must take
that opportunity to raise your hand and ask for more explanation. If
not, then you'll not have the right foundation for what comes later,
and it will be very hard to catch up. So I leave it up to you to make
sure that you get what you need in this context from lecture.
