Some information on the final exam:

The exam is a 3.5 hour take-home exam, available 8:30 a.m. Monday, May
3 and due by Friday, May 14 at NOON. Seniors are required to complete
the exam by Friday, May 7 at NOON.

You will pick up the exam from the INSC secretaries office in
L204. Note that the secretaries are not around in the evenings or
after 4:30 p.m. Also note that you cannot turn in your exam on
weekends. These are the trade-offs for having a take-home exam (with
its advantage of additional time and the flexibility to take the exam
at home). You need to sign your exam OUT and IN. Do not turn in your
exam to my office or under my door. This is a much more secure system.

The exam will be in a brown envelope with your name on it. Do all work
on the sheets provided. You are allowed THREE sides of a standard
sheet for equations and constants. The exam cover sheet will be handed
out in class on the last day of class so you know which constants will
be provided.  Return the exam in the same brown envelope when you are
done.

The exam has 14 problems and a total of 15 pages, so be sure you count
all the sheets before you start the test.

The exam will cover material from the following:

Hecht Ch. 22, 23, 24, 25, 21, 27, 28, 29, and 30. Note that we did not
cover every section in every one of these chapters, so refer to the
class syllabus/schedule for the relevant sections in those cases.

HW #9, #10, #11, #12, #13, and #14. You have already been tested on
the material from the first half of HW #9 and that material is not
covered on this exam.

Topics: photons and energy, lenses, geometric and physical optics,
refraction and reflection, polarizers, Brewster angle, diffraction,
interference, resolution, AC circuits, Bragg diffraction, alpha, beta,
and gamma rays, atomic transitions and line series, photoelectric
effect, Compton scattering, Bremsstrahlung, radiation dosimetry, de
Broglie wavelength, uncertainty principle, atomic linewidths, lasers,
half life, and radioactive decay.

The last class on Friday April 30 will be used to go over these
policies and general exam info, hand out review material, answer any
last minute questions about the material, and fill out course
evaluation sheets. I will be around next week and will be happy to
meet with you one-on-one in the course of your studying if you have
questions. Just email or call to set up a time or at least make sure I
am around before you come by.
